Don't set startCursor in relayStylePagination when only one cursor is present (#10982)
apollographql/apollo-client: .changeset/shiny-books-roll.md

---
"@apollo/client": patch
---

> Update `relayStylePagination` to not populate `startCursor` when only a single cursor is present under the edges. Use that cursor only as the `endCursor`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Update `relayStylePagination` to avoid populating `startCursor` when only a single cursor is present under the `edges` field. Use that cursor only as the `endCursor`.
```

Minor tweak to verbiage here :)
